Need to add explanation of script behavior for AppGW backend pool  - Update public-ip-upgrade-vm.md (#127447)
Azure/azure-content: articles/virtual-network/ip-services/public-ip-upgrade-vm.md

Yes, the process of upgrading a Zonal Basic SKU Public IP to a Zonal Standard SKU Public IP is identical and works in the script.

> ### If I specify a NIC associated with a public IP targeted for migration in the AppGW backend pool, will this script remove it from the pool?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### If I specify a NIC associated with a public IP targeted for migration in the Application Gateway backend pool, will this script remove it from the pool?
```

> Yes, it will be removed. After running the script, you will need to manually reassign the NIC to the AppGW backend pool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, it will be removed. After running the script, you will need to manually reassign the NIC to the Application Gateway backend pool.
```
